the disappointment brother the disappointment
good night Diego forgive me those who are
becoming members that I did not have
the sound activated now now an hour now now now
yes forgive me Diego
piani loomis thank you very much let's
see she was my she was micras
youth in adolescence no but it
turns out that it's going to be a new
program welcome to loomis right it's going to
be a new program for twitch
okay and it turns out that Natalia does this program
accompanied by
[Music]
this man who is a tweeter named
Telmo okay how good he is because he is
from the gang of
perhaps corrales
those people okay that Telmo I think he
works in advertising I don't know the
move okay but it's to the good sign
who is this guy okay and the girl who
is playing the drums also has
sailor fabric I mean how the hell do you think of
doing a program with these 2
[ __ ] someone welcome look looked
now you're going to freak out now you're going to freak out
now this hunger is going to freak out Telmo
okay I do
n't remember I don't know what his twitter was I
think it was Telmo I mean
his twitter okay he is dedicated  let's be
jokes to all the jokes he makes on
twitter okay all his humor is dedicated
to saying he was drunk okay he takes
a picture lying drunk on the floor
another day he does it then we'll see it then we
see it okay but look more or less what
this man's twitter is about okay look look at
this man
a brushstroke okay a brushstroke
viva dallas viva dallas can you imagine that he
goes up to someone and pushes you at the same time he was
shouting dallas let's go
life
then with this rock from here to [ __ ] the
ass to the roof of age the boxes
[ __ ]
today in dallas your last video [ __ ]
msg pillman thank you very much
welcome
good and thank you
now olivo and michu testifying at the
police station before the complaint that
dallas filed against them viva dallas okay they
report that in dallas's girlfriend I don't know
what he's referring to
but now the strong tweets come
so you can see the level there is
something worse both wings remain
check the sessions
because your name is dallas and not an [ __ ] put your
hands up let's scream a total the
sons of [ __ ]  hahaha what a troll the fairy diet
check out the sessions unlocks thousands of
tweets son of a [ __ ] writing a video
and given I think it's time to go to
bed
Dallas is also a content creator
but I'm not going to pay for his follow
ala
dallas son of a [ __ ] dallas son of a [ __ ]
dallas son of a [ __ ]
good night of the year [ __ ] you're
putting parity to the insults to Dallas
in 30 seconds chal on rebound Dallas
is so cool your [ __ ] costume I'm
from Dallas
welcome Javiera or welcome
son of a [ __ ] the review
well it will only count or not we
wait a little longer a popular opinion
because to measure the mecca of [ __ ] mother is
good the front to the bullets sons of
[ __ ]
[Music]
Dallas has broken up with his girlfriend now
all that's left is for him to cut his wrists it
gives the impression that you are [ __ ]
haha ​​give the review
how to change it in Haiti even summer
mention okay
view the barsa javi big blue circle
big red circle lollipop lollipop I
love you javi thank you very much
a  hug [ __ ] it's a
good time to repeat tea for the
forty-sixth time you're an
[ __ ] measured for I went to get some
tobacco and when I came back they're already
messing things up it's that I learn great youtuber
that you have a minimum of strength and certain
contacts put pressure and close the
bar once and for all to dallas
eye to this eye to this did you know that dallas
had to take the plane that crashed
on 9/11 well in my opinion ok
nice tweet
deep down I don't want anything at the
bottom of the sea son of a [ __ ] the echo of the
optics that I'm going to give you yes it's going to
expand throughout bilbao
come on son of a [ __ ]
whitening anaya kiss of a [ __ ]
here making fun of when they threw
juice on him okay
[ __ ] you son of a [ __ ]
for you with love son of a [ __ ]
and if we make it fashionable to see the chalet in
that one where you leave the bottle upright we'll
throw the bottle on dallas's head
like if you sign up
pretty tomorrow to close it the channel to
dallas
dallas  son of a [ __ ] registry of the
biggest [ __ ] stop laughing at the
agent [ __ ] shameless [ __ ]
dallas son of a [ __ ]
rods son of a [ __ ] I'm going to break the
chair in your sternum dallas son of a
big [ __ ] to the pam pam and he
kicked him in the ribs he
will be a son of a [ __ ] my song your dead
from the review
when are they going to put when are they going to put
dallas in jail there are already
[ __ ] answers to the review perfect time
for carmen your dead points of the
review what a [ __ ] [ __ ] on youtube and wen
three years they don't even give a million and
deaf or any other [ __ ] person in the country
son of a [ __ ] give the review
thirty euros I only pay without euros if
necessary to give one to dallas
okay and these are some tribals he has
some more there that I have in my
folder in which he is not mentioned Serbian
lancha and welcome thank you very much
ok check out this guy the obsession with
tweets until 2020 I just entered that
is ribbon revoke come on
and the guy this guy  okay now I'm
probably going to tell the speech and not see her
laughing and don't see it properly I have to
give everything I have in the folder you
know but freak out freak out freak out with what's
there
freak out with what's there and it's this one yeah this one
if you weren't going to make a video I was going to
go and vice said four stupid things next
to sense okay
but how does he get along with people he gets along
with people from the uai of the progressive cool on
youtube okay well people laugh
at his jokes funny this man is he
still drunk he throws himself on the
floor because he's drunk I don't
remember how I just saw the thesis twitter account I
'm an idiot
me too okay
okay look at his pinned tweet pinned I
imagine that for him it will be like the
dick what is funniest not with
jam also well I started talking
about there are many colleagues who have had
that award so to your goat cheese blog
and which is the one that you liked the most yes
everything is the same it's as
if he has a verified account but
because a lot of bots got in
almost all of his followers are  bots
ok he came in a lot of you as if it
were a joke but for the stupidity he
used it to do collaborations okay I
mean I have a ton of stuff
saved that you're going to freak out
but freak out when I make the video of
this guy country pointed out freak out okay because
okay he's sending and been collecting
and he's saving things that he's been putting up showing
off the
instagram stories messing with people in the
story it'll be tremendous okay and they
call him to do a program I really
david from prototype welcome freak out with
this society I'm really freaking out
because he's wearing a PRI t-shirt here
and this guy has come up with these
collaborations and his name is his name is what I'm
going to show you okay more what I'm going to
show you
with you okay with you cheating with you
ok
and here are some things that he has put me well
the sense he did something dirty to me a
long time ago when I was starting out
that he reminded me of it here my friend
the account is like this the account is
jealous
[Music]
good I arrived late youtube didn't warn
those who warned me the fence
this is  a pigsty once the guy
followed me the guy started following me
when he saw that I was a shitty friend
ok when I was Mieres's friend the
guy followed me ok I tried because they had
put the "I'm from the other" on me they had also
put the "three from the other" on me I don't
know if they deleted it but here in
response they
hadn't put the tweets from the other hour I'm not going to be able to know what they were why also cited if look at who cited we have some I just remembered that the person I hate the most on this planet above Javier Cárdenas gives the real hatred they have prepared some fried eggs on
Dallas's head before taking the photo
because mother of beautiful love how disgusting
Dallas interviewing his 10
year old sister with her boyfriend and they say they've been together 17
months and seven point months and that Andy is
at more than 500 pesos
what a huge disgusting air well here she
is a little right the girl hasn't
done any new [ __ ] the infra being
from Dallas in my absence
well this guy once did me
a  pig that I will add when I
make the video it will probably be a do and
nobel because you are going to freak out be you are going to
freak out but at levels at level at
level at level and not see valuable at
level [ __ ] mockery of messing with
people at gay level not see but the
strongest are things that he himself has made
public in his story joking about
things bragging about things that he has
achieved at the expense of bots okay what
happened that this guy followed me
back in I do
n't know when I was a friend of my area
I would have four followers I had
four followers I was starting out and when he
saw that I was a friend of mieres well as it is
always at the top this
type of people no well they follow me on
twitter okay and I don't remember that the
video was the best thing about the video was
that I said he was talking to another person on
twitter about paying to put a video in
trend and okay well I pay I pay
for a video to be put in a
trend tell me how it is done and also it is
put me the same time that in which in which I
started doing the interviews
and I said hey if you want one day we do the
interview nothing  because of some move like that
okay so the guy was following me
fine and everything was correct and one day all of a sudden
when the whiskey bottle thing happened and
then when when the
whiskey bottle happened he stopped following me okay
and with time if it goes reality I hope that he
no longer has anything of an ally when
the compilation of tweets and stupid things
that this guy has done is shown and when
the compilation of the stupid things that
this guy has done is continued you are going to see animals
like all the others like all the allies okay
well the guy turns out to write his
videos messing around I don't know
really messing around with anyone the only thing that happened was
that I made a video talking about
this tournament and the blond ones and all that and in
the video like I promise it
wasn't to offend him or to he took it
too seriously but it wasn't to
defend the guy or anything it was
just that I said it and that's it okay
I mentioned Isaac Corrales who is a
clown but a very careful clown a
very careful clown and who has
also done stupid things that you'll flip out
okay and okay reality the typical half
progressive power okay well  made a
crazy thing okay you better shut
the [ __ ] up we've already hit that
reality we've done more than one review
in the video that I made the second video
to ice a menu there you have it okay
because the guy came to insult me ​​in the
comments no well the turkey
is calling me the south
the [ __ ] and he called me and now I can't
imagine in the challenging video you you the
only thing I said was what does Elisa
Corrales look like in the Ford Night tournament if
this guy is more his channel was dead
from the girlfriend every something like that in I said okay
something like that I said that I said it common as
a joke I mean it wasn't good either well
he and his little group started on twitter
activity my [ __ ] but what the [ __ ] do you [ __ ] you
are a piece of [ __ ] you are the biggest
scum on youtube I don't know what I don't know
how much and win michu came with the same story as
always with the same [ __ ] that he
always used to throw [ __ ]
yeah because you once asked me for an
interview
go [ __ ] yourself I asked everyone for an interview
if I had an interview section
well then wing michu  he stuck I don't know
how many years
yes because you will criticize me of tea or juices
yogurt continues because I had criticism because you
asked me for the interview and I gave it to you
to the bashir the wing michu hit me when he
threw me he messed with me he went around
saying that always always brings up the wta
of the interview he said no no I don't
criticize you because the average of the interview
between criticized for the [ __ ] [ __ ] he
does on the internet for the stupidity he does
no total win joined me threw me into the
thread to insult me ​​and this
telmo appeared and as I didn't know what to say to me he
puts me there is that you have put me and the tweet
in the responses they have put me and the one with the
most posts already Austria [ __ ] hopes he
is there and he has it mother of this aunt now
let's go to the truth that the guy took the thermos
and put something like I saw you long in
your day and it's like you gave me the runaround
that clown Leonardo thank you very much
teddy long in your day that you
have given me the runaround that if you
followed me when I was nobody's friend
to see if that way you can get close get off  she
teddy long in her day and now she takes me
and publishes a screenshot of
mine where I'm asking for the
interview and where I'm telling her about the
to pay to put the video in
trend to look what scum you are and it's
like but what happens with those screenshots if
what I'm asking you in an
interview in the file of view to
everyone who was starting had 100
subscribers okay the file is
tokyo and whoever placed the color we didn't
get some interviews okay
but time put some screenshots as
if that was the big thing and with that
screenshot they [ __ ] me a lot of
time not because the manager is there delete
those screenshots because they are giving me a
lot and the [ __ ] guy doesn't have it
when enjoying me okay and it's like he
wants with those screenshots that I told you
or rather he was talking to him m of
show I think it was to buy or pay
so that they become a trend I don't know
move I asked him about the subject okay
and I also asked him something about ansa
objective that I'm making a video
hansa you know some [ __ ] about him and with
the one who publishes the screenshot  like leaving me
bad and it's like but if
all the followers you have you
bought and you'll see when people
find out how you used those
followers that you bought that I
get everything here I don't even get everything and I
have to make him a gay not to see them it will
be that they innovate okay and now he will
have his program on your and now I
think that it's going to be the perfect time
to raise his name so that
everyone knows who he is okay let's see let's see
this chick that is over here more screenshots
of her they closed Dallas' account
on YouTube well the coffee with this
tremendous video of Windspot and when of the
dry [ __ ] of Dallas it has sat me down like a challenge
I hope I can see the fall of
Sting Fraser's fame
gets into the pool to give the review
ladder already
according to everything a reptilian revived it
because you are being corrupt deceiver liar
and faithful traitor
they don't like freedom of expression
tends to corrupt others work with the
left side of the brain
[ __ ] that
's the co-pay and me  Look, when they
said the Boeing video,
wow, what collaborations
Natalia has sought, always
Peronist support, no support, we're not going to support this,
no way, I
don't support it, no way, because we shouldn't
give a voice to this type of characters,
honestly.